This emperor
I'm clearly doing well in the cold palace
What am I getting in his way?
Uh-huh.
Ah!
Wash these
I wash so much by myself.
Or else?
When the new library comes, it is a slave, so it has to work
Didn't you eat?
If you don't wash it with a little force, you will get hit by the board.
Ah, if only I used the washing machine
Well, there it is.
He will definitely not be able to wash so many clothes.
Qin Silicon asked us to take good care of her
I can't finish washing, wait, there are still boards, right?
Washing clothes like this?
Fast and cool, so cool
Don't wash the clothes well, what are you doing?
This is the washing machine.
This is a dryer.
Washing clothes like this?
It's fast and good without hurting your hands.
Washing the washing machine, the garish clothes will definitely not be clean.
This is much cleaner than your hand washing. How is that possible?
I haven't seen laundry like this in so long in the Xinzheku
If you can wash it clean
I will do all your work from now on
This is what you said.
Look good.